hello everybody from the previous video we
we showed this helicopter running
with solar energy
now we will show the details of the
connections made in this helicopter
see our helicopter running
i
we will now show the inner part of this
structure
he will remove this part is to see the
there is a plastic cap
we took advantage of this plastic lid
where the helicopter is now we
we will dismantle alicoop first we will
remove propeller and now we will remove the
helicopter is now we'll take the
underneath that cap cover we had
then one motor to the motor connection
Helicopter propeller was through this
part of the pen
we will now place the helicopter on the
engine to follow the propeller and now
we will withdraw the appropriation of the photocell
the engine propeller starts to
to spin
Note that in addition to rotating the propeller
own helicopter also revolves around
of its own axis
now we will show our
helicopter running on all
resources
is
we do not have the audio of the
cell phone making the sound of a helicopter
we're just the engine noise
folks
we take advantage of the subject matter
let's talk about the helipad that is this symbol
with this design the helipad is an area
ground level or generally located
on top of a building used
only for landings and take - offs of
helicopters
the sag points can be square or
circular and should be centered
shall be the indicative letter of the
example shown here we have a
helipad where we have the letter h
this letter h shows that this point is a
heliponto public and that two means
amount of tons it supports
a public helipad that supports up to
two tons
here we have an example of a
private helipad is that it supports up to six
tons
In this we have a military helipad are
for military helicopters and that
up to nine tonnes
This is a helipad for
hospitals
he has this cross with h in the center of the
cross the helipads that have a circle
are points for emergencies and if he
emergency point supports up to 700
when we have 10 before
number means that it supports less
one ton
in this case 700 kilos is the limit
bearable so it personal point and
so we finished our video
showing the secrets used in our
experience with solar energy
staff to join our channel on the
youtube and look forward to our next
videos
A big hug to everyone